[WHOOSH]
[MELLOW MUSIC]
[WATER GURGLING]
>> Mount Shasta, her love
and the doorway that she is,
allows you to fully
surrender everything.
>> When you first pass like,
where the Lake Shasta is,
and then you see the
mountain for the first time,
I'll never forget.
It was just like, it
took my breath away,
this feeling of home
and just, hey, wow.
I mean, most people know
the magic that's here.
>> We're just connected
with this vibration,
which I would call
pure love or happiness.
And we're just drawn to come
here and immerse ourselves
in this pure vibration,
because it activates
something inside of us.
>> It's impossible to come
here and not be changed.
It's impossible to
come to this mountain
and not know yourself better.
>> Mount Shasta is
the divine feminine.
Good pure goddess.
The goddess of love.
>> Every time I come here,
there's this profound sense
of depth, right?
Like deep rooted depth and
transcendence at the same time.
>> To me, the mountain
has a certain vibration.
For me, and many, many
people around the world,
we feel a kind--
>> When you come here,
you come to the calling.
But it's going to
just wake you up.
And you're going to have a
truer experience of yourself,
like that reconnection to
your multidimensional reality,
your reconnection to
your gifts, and awakening
from just where our
ego gets in the way,
and maybe we don't trust
ourselves or doubt ourselves.
>> I felt the call of the
mountain so strong inside
of me.
And when I went that first
time, it was just so magical.
I don't know even
how to describe it.
>> I think the rawness of
her is what calls people,
because it meets
them where they are.
And then she brings you up.
And then your energy and
your frequency is risen.
And it's beautiful.
It's a beautiful
ascension process.
>> I had to get electrocuted
to really be here.
I wasn't going to leave this
body and come to Mount Shasta.
This was it.
>> She calls you.
If you are meant to be
here, she will call you.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
>> It was around the
time, I was 16 years old.
And a very beautiful cousin
on Earth gave me a guitar.
And I just--
I found it to be--
that you could do so much.
And there was such a window
to infinite melodies,
and same way as the
stars sing to us.
And so I just started
to write songs.
I just wanted to play guitar.
And starting a band
was very scary for me.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (SINGING) Keep your
happy, healthy mouth shut.
You hate what you're doing.
Nothing seems to
be going your way.
Your point of view
is quite strong.
But just smile.
Cut, cut up strings.
I know how hard that was.
You're like a kite now.
Just smile cut, cut up strings.
I know how hard that was.
You're like a kite now.
>> At first, it was,
we were called Muse.
That was a name that had come
to me from a while as well.
And then it was
just a quickening.
It was a lot of
focus, and visioning.
I would envision myself in
front of thousands of people.
And every day, so many times.
And now I play
every day practice
with the band every day,
at least six days a week,
and then on my own, in a day
time before seeing the band.
So a lot of commitment,
as everything is.
And then we found management.
We got on to college radio.
College radio became
a doorway for us
that brought all of
the record companies.
And we were playing in front
of very large groups of people.
We got signed.
We went to Los Angeles,
recorded a record twice.
So, during this whole time,
I'm just in a state of creation
and away from all these
harsh human emotions.
The people I surrounded
myself with in the group
were just like me, or are
close to that frequency.
>> Paul would be up on stage
for 50, 60, 70,000 people.
And he would be performing
with his cool look.
And he could perform.
>> The way I think of
Paul is like a rock star.
He was opening up for the Cure.
He was going on tour.
>> We were playing huge
festivals in Canada with
the Cure, with Jane's
Addiction, Porno For Pyros,
all kinds of people.
And it was really beautiful.
>> Paul was very, very,
very courageous in his life.
I mean, green hair, pink
hair, whatever it was.
Tight cool pants,
a simple t-shirt.
And just writing down
on a Popsicle wrapper
all of his deepest thoughts
and knowing how beautiful they
were, that's courage.
[ROCK MUSIC ENDING]
>> The name Shasta comes
from a Russian word Shastia,
which means pure happiness.
It's a very strong word
in the Russian language.
So the way it got its name is,
after the gold rush in 1849,
people from around the
world, including Russia,
started to come to this
area to look for gold.
And when the Russians
saw the mountain
and felt the energy of the
mountain, it's just Shastia.
I feel so happy.
It's the happiest
I've ever been.
So this is really the
mountain of pure happiness.
And people come from
around the world.
It doesn't matter what
religion they have,
what culture, they all feel
this opening of their heart.
>> After years, we just felt,
I don't, we were losing energy
with the name, with a connection
that the emotional aspects
of the group had gotten.
Interestingly enough
around that time,
we got a call from our
lawyers from New York.
And they told us that they
were the group in London
called the London Muse.
And they wanted to buy the name.
We flew out to London.
I met them.
And the lawyers took
care of all this stuff.
So we sold this name to them.
They're actually
pretty huge band
right now around the world.
People from Venus just came,
just like music, was everything
for the longest time.
One night, we were
playing a show in Seattle.
And there was a lot
of people there.
But for some reason,
I just felt like--
I felt I couldn't connect.
I didn't connect with them.
I didn't-- the message
didn't come through to them.
And so then I left the stage.
And I just left everything.
I was crying.
And I was crying through the
streets of Seattle by myself,
just walking and crying.
And I just felt
gosh, I didn't do it.
I didn't connect with them.
I was crying.
And then I walked into this
grocery store, the all night,
very bright place.
And I put my glasses
on, of course.
Now I'm walking.
But you can tell
that I'm crying.
And all of a sudden, I
feel a tap on my shoulder.
And I turn around.
And there's this
little Asian man.
And he looks at me.
And he puts his hands on me.
He says, it's OK.
You're not alone.
We do this together.
And I was such an
emotional state.
I just looked down for a moment
like this, and I said, yes.
I said, thank you.
And then I started
to say something.
But I-- and he was longed.
For me, he was an angel
that really came at a time
to just remind me that
the pressure wasn't on me,
but to just surrender, again.
And that was a really
beautiful moment.
>> Everybody's
wanting connection.
Our society is so atomized.
People are so separate
and split off.
And everybody's
wanting connection.
Some people might say, I
want to connect with God.
want to connect with myself.
Some people might say,
I want a connection
with Saint Germain
the ascended masters.
Some people might say, I
want to connect with ETs.
Then Mount Shasta
is like a doorway.
No, Mount Shasta
is a place where
the veils, the separation
between dimensions of reality
are thin.
So it's easier to experience
things in the spirit realm
than other places.
People come here from
all over the world,
all kinds of cultures,
all kinds of religious,
or spiritual traditions.
And Mount Shasta just
amplifies the deepest truth
in your heart.
And people experience
that or interpret
that in the context of
whatever religion they have.
If someone comes here
and they're Christian,
they might feel, wow.
I never felt this close to
Jesus Christ in my life.
If someone comes and they're
Hindu, they might say, wow.
I saw a vision of
Lord Shiva dancing.
So people just
experience the energy
and interpret it through
whatever context they have.
>> Music started to change on
the radio and different things
like this.
And so we had to kind of,
pull back and take a break.
>> He was doing so great with it
that at one point he said, no,
we don't want to tour anymore.
We've already been
toured too much.
It's getting too
material, too something.
We want to step back and
not stop the momentum.
And he wanted to bring
that momentum back.
>> During this time, it's a time
that I started working in Los
Angeles, in downtown
LA with dancers.
[DANCE MUSIC]
>> When Paul arrived
to Los Angeles,
he arrived with a little Mohawk.
I don't know what color
it was when he arrived.
It could have been green,
fluorescent green, pink, white,
whatever the color.
But it was never like
a natural hair color.
It was always some wild
cool version, probably
a fluorescent green.
Anyway, he came as a
singer, songwriter.
>> I was already working
here, doing makeup and hair
at the studio.
And in comes Paul with
his wild hair and kind of,
this rocker lifestyle.
Paul walked into a wild studio.
I mean, Don's studio is
millions of working parts.
You've probably got four models.
They're changing.
One of them in front of the
shot, having the photo taken.
It's loud.
There's loud music.
Don's calling it out, go, 1, 2.
Looks great, go.
It's very loud.
It's chaos.
It's energy.
It's a circus.
And then there's Paul, quiet,
calm, just in the center of it
all, completely zen.
>> He knew really how
to run his computers.
He always knew how to get apps.
He would hit Google before
people were even doing Google.
He would jump on
there and do YouTube
before anybody
was doing YouTube.
Now everybody's doing it.
But back then, he would
just jump on and figure out
what's going on.
So as a digitech, he would
just dive into the computer.
And anything
computer-related, we said,
give it to Paul, man. (LAUGHS)
He's going to figure it out.
So he turned out to be really
great in the studio that way.
>> The way he would respond to
things when there was moments
of intensity, Paul
could always handle it.
We would never
see him overreact.
>> During that time, there
was so much pushing to restart
the band to like, pushing,
pushing, pushing so much.
And I was the one pushing.
And I was preparing.
And I had all the songs.
And I could do the whole
show by myself, really,
with loops and different things.
And--
>> I mean, I would
go and do his makeup.
We'd get done in the studio.
And then I'd go do his makeup.
And he'd be doing like,
he'd be up on stage
for people from
the music industry.
They wanted to see
what he was doing.
So we'd create
these crazy looks.
And he always had
different color hair.
It was purple.
It was blue.
It was like, you don't know.
You don't know how he's going
to show up in the studio.
>> Paul comes from success
as a singer, songwriter,
with his band, and
with his experience.
>> One of the things that
we have to remind ourselves
on Earth is not to push.
There's a moment to let go.
And that's something that
I wasn't ready to do yet.
And I continued to do that.
>> He didn't really fit in that
environment, in my opinion.
Like I said, it's all surface.
But then there's Paul
who always had a depth.
And because he could
have that depth,
it gave us all permission
to have a little more
of ourselves.
>> It was a time when we all
came together in this one
studio to really awaken
the light within us.
We had a very
enlightening moments,
for we would share very
raw human emotions.
I would put in a different
perspective of spirituality
into it.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
>> What really made Mount
Shasta famous in the 20s,
there was a man named Guy
Ballard who was hiking
on the mountain.
And he'd an experience where
he met an ascended master named
Saint Germain.
And Saint Germain
gave him a series
of teachings, which came
to be called the I Am
Teachings, since the core
teaching was find God here.
And ultimately, you
are one with God.
And in 1930, that
was very radical.
I mean 2021, that teaching is,
fortunately, very prevalent.
But in 1930, it
was very radical.
So the book attracted a
huge amount of attention.
The author was traveling
around the country,
talking to football stadiums
like Soldier Field in Chicago
before 30,000 people.
It was a huge phenomena.
And everywhere he
went, he talked
about meeting Saint
Germain on Mount Shasta.
So that really
began the reputation
that Mount Shasta was the
kind of place you could come
and anything was possible.
You could meet an
ascended master.
You can meet God.
And then in the 1960s, there
was a big spiritual awakening
that happened in America.
And many young Americans,
the hippie seekers,
were going to India to find
a guru, to try to find God.
And at some point,
the word started
to get out in San
Francisco, which was like,
the epicenter for the awakening,
that you don't have to go all
the way to India to find God.
You can find God
on Mount Shasta.
And so, in the 60s,
a lot of the hippies
started to come to Mount Shasta.
And Mount Shasta at the time
was this very conservative,
fundamentalist Christian town.
And at first, the local
people weren't sure
if they liked having all
these barefoot young people
with long hair coming.
But right around then
was also the beginning
of an environmental
protection in America.
And all of a sudden,
there started
to be severe restrictions
on cutting down
trees in national forests.
And everything is
National Forest here.
So all of a sudden, the
whole economy was in danger.
And the local people
started to realize
that becoming a spiritual
Mecca was a good thing.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
>> Was about 4
and 1/2 years ago.
And so we work together
virtually every day,
for years now.
>> I was laying in bed.
I was in my apartment, in
Los Angeles, of course.
And I got a call
from a second cousin.
And he asked, you know,
let's go somewhere.
Let's go-- It was
actually New Year's Eve.
>> (SHOUTING) Happy New Year.
>> I said, ah, I don't know.
I kind of feel
like staying home.
Let's go.
I found the place that was
really close to the apartment I
was in.
And so I said,
OK, let's go here.
So we went there, just
about five-minutes drive.
And we got we got there.
There were so many people.
I had never been there before.
And we started to walk upstairs.
There was an upstairs.
So we walked up there.
And all of a sudden,
there was this girl.
And this girl wanted to take
my photo, my photograph.
And so right next to us, because
it was New Year's, there's
a very big like
a stuffed animal,
or he's like a big kind
of, doll or something.
And so, OK.
And so the girl had the phone.
And we went back with him.
And I just leaned on
the wall, kind of,
the wall was right here.
Well, she took the photo.
And I kind of like just
leaned on the wall.
>> So Paul was at a New Year's
Eve party in Beverly Hills.
And they were carousing.
And somehow, when he
stepped back, he misstepped.
And he fell back and
hit a protruding outlet
socket, electrical socket.
And he hit it in
exactly the wrong spot.
And apparently, it was
loose, with its wires.
And it jolted him
and shocked him.
So somehow, it
internally exploded
his kidney a little bit
and burst a few ribs
from that particular fall.
The following morning
when he woke up,
he couldn't hardly move.
>> I just went like this.
Everything was tight.
My legs were
straight and my arms.
And I couldn't breathe.
My cousin said, hey,
Paul, what happened?
Are you OK?
What's happening?
And I said, I don't know.
I just-- something
hit me, I said.
After maybe, I don't
know how much time,
but he helped me to get up.
And we walked down the stairs.
And then it started
to hurt more.
And I said, I have to go.
I have to go home.
And I did.
I got a car to take me home.
That next morning, I woke up
in my bed in a pool of blood.
And it hurt so much.
The body, all of this
just started to hurt.
And I went to the bathroom
and everything was blood.
And so I went to the hospital.
I was in excruciating
pain the entire time.
I had no peace.
I mean, none.
Not one second where
there wasn't pain.
Nothing-- they would give
me all of these things.
And you have all these wires.
And nothing would stop the pain.
Like my father,
the end did come.
And it was-- all night,
I was just in utter pain.
And for him to see me that
way was really difficult.
It really, really caused him
a lot of pain on himself.
And even he got
sick from being--
seeing me like that.
Don would come.
And he would take me.
And there was moments where
I could barely walk there.
So he would carry me almost.
In so much pain because
of so many things that
would be happening, side
effects from everything
and more coming to the
surface, more pain,
pain body different places.
I came to that moment where
I came to the crossroads.
And for me, being
from Venus, come
to embody all and
fuel these things.
One of the things
I felt was, OK,
I'm just going to
leave this body.
I'm just going to leave me.
I'm just kill this
body and leave.
I didn't have a
problem with it at all.
I had to feel it, though.
It was very important
for me to feel that.
Or go to Mount Shasta.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
[DOOR CREAKING]
[WATER GURGLING]
>> Well, Mount Shasta is
special because of the energy.
There's many, many beautiful
mountains in the Western US.
And there's always a
peace and upliftment
from being high
in the mountains.
But to my experience
something in Mount Shasta
I don't experience in the
Sierras, or the Rockies,
or the Tetons, or even other
sister Cascade Mountains.
There's just an energy here of
harm, energy of pure happiness.
All kinds of things on the
internet about Mount Shasta,
probably the one thing that's--
went most viral, that
so many people mentioned
is that there are seven
chakras of the Earth.
And Mount Shasta
is the root chakra.
So a lot of people think
come to all seven chakras,
so start with the first.
So they come to Mount Shasta.
>> Several years ago,
I had this calling.
And when I found out that
Mount Shasta was the root
chakra of Mother
Earth, and I found out
it was here in California,
I'm like, I have to go.
So, a few years ago, back
when I was dating somebody,
I wanted to go.
And so we went for
the very first time.
And we went up on the mountain.
There was so much snow.
But I really felt the
calling to be there.
It really did feel like
home, which it probably
does for a lot of people.
>> There is a book that had come
to me called "Dweller on Two
Planets."
And it's a very
complicated book.
It was a book that was
channeled in the 1800s
by a 16-year-old boy.
I went to a bookstore.
And that book it
truly just fell on me.
It was like a movie.
It was actually about
a very spiritual
being called Philo, so Tibetan.
Philo's a Tibetan.
He explains many lives that
he had in Atlantis, in heaven,
being with different
people, different soulmates,
different twin flames.
All of a sudden, I
got to a chapter.
And there was-- it was
called Seven Shasta Scenes.
And it was a whole chapter
about the way the sun looks
on the mountain, and the snow.
And the way the
sun in the morning
looks, and different Shasta
scenes, streams and different
places.
And so I just didn't
understand how they came out
of nowhere in this story.
Throughout this process,
more and more books came.
And they all ended up
having the mountain.
They're talking
about Mount Shasta.
This was God saying,
it's time now.
And I knew that.
I felt that beyond anything.
I just knew that I had
to get out of there.
I did pack my car, rolled down
my guitar through the stairs,
and two backpacks.
And that's all I brought.
I left everything else.
>> I just got the
sense he was ready.
Paul was ready to move on.
I know you must feel
like the accident
freed something that was waiting
to get free before it happened.
>> I came knowing
the energy's here,
and what would happen here.
I didn't know the
extent of what would
happen here I had no idea.
[UPLIFTING MUSIC]
During the time that
I started coming
to Mount Shasta, later on one
of those moments, I met Andrew.
And he took me to two
portals on the mountain
that are well known
and very powerful.
And I was in Mount
Shasta for a long time
before I reached out
to him or anyone here.
I needed to do what
I had to do first.
I needed to go
through a surrender.
My healing process
here at Mount Shasta
was difficult, for
I was so disabled.
There were days where I just
couldn't get out of bed,
for everything hurts so much.
There were days where I
would walk on the mountain.
And all I could do is
five steps at a time.
And then sometimes I would fall.
And if I would fall that
would be really bad for me.
I did see physical therapy and
other doctors here, actually,
at some point just to
see pictures of things
within the body.
They didn't have any answers.
And they didn't say that I
would be cured in any way.
They didn't say that I would
be able to walk normally
like I do now.
And I did.
And I am.
All I knew that was
my kidney was healed.
I saw the photograph of
my beautiful new kidney.
And you are here
to heal yourself.
You are here to go within
and find the power within you
to heal the body.
Find the power within you to
stop the fear, the judgments
of oneself or others.
And so there was a moment
when I was on a mountain.
And it was a cloudy day.
And I was with a friend.
And she was running
around the field.
And I just started
to take pictures.
Wherever she went the
violet flame was on her.
And I had photos of those.
And I couldn't believe it.
There wasn't even any sun.
And that really
was the first time
that violet flame appeared
in a physical form.
Saint Germain appeared
to me many times.
When I was going
through my embodiment,
Saint Germain helped me
to go through each fear,
each sadness, all of
them and alchemize them.
At a point, they were all gone.
There is nothing left.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
Saint Germain is
an ascended master.
Ascended masters are really
just like you and me.
They just choose to stay
at a certain frequency
and to help the people who are
embodied on different planets,
including Earth, of course.
And the ascended
masters are here
as your brothers and sisters.
And they see you as God.
They see you with no
separation, just as one.
I was meditating
on the mountain.
And this picture was taken
in, I believe may or June.
And so all of a sudden,
while I'm up there,
and I start to meditate.
And I went in and it's a
very beautiful silence.
And when I opened
my eyes, I saw I
was covered in snow kind
of, like, this much snow
all around me.
And I couldn't believe it.
I felt it's like, wow.
It wasn't supposed to
snow in summertime.
And so I got up.
And I looked around.
And I felt such a
multidimensional moment,
a complete omnipresent
in that moment
where everyone was there.
I felt Saint Germain.
I felt the goddesses.
I felt Santa Kumara.
I felt everyone.
And there was snow.
There was rain.
There was icicles.
There were streams of water.
There were flowers,
flowers and snow.
These are two
dimensions meeting.
And so I felt as this was such
an omnipresent in that moment.
And I stayed in such joy.
But it continued
to rain and snow.
I just started to
take a few pictures,
because it was
just so beautiful.
I didn't see anything.
But I felt everything.
When I did get back, I
looked at the photos I took.
And right here in this corner
here, I saw Saint Germain.
And you can see him here, with
eyes, and his hair, and a face,
and a robe.
And his hands are like this.
And there's even
an energy field,
his aura all around him
like a violet energy field.
And you can see his
eyes and his skin.
And when you enlarge this, which
I do have a large copy of this,
you really can see this ascended
master Saint Germain that
completely materialized here.
And this is really the only
known photograph of him.
>> Paul had taken us
to the Temple of Love.
And we had just done
a guided meditation.
And after that experience,
everybody was taking pictures.
And he just told me,
Judy, go stand over there.
And then I was
standing by rocks.
He goes, no, go farther.
Go farther back.
And I said, OK.
And he's like, OK, I'm
going to take your picture.
And so when he asked me to take
a picture, I just stood there.
And I put my hands
in Prayer Position.
And I just closed my eyes.
And as soon as I
closed my eyes, I
started feeling this energy
like, come down into me.
It was very tangible.
It was a very warm.
This warm energy like,
coming down into my body.
But I knew who that was.
And it was the energy
of Saint Germain.
So Saint Germain, his
love, his loving presence
started to wash over my body.
And then in my--
here, my mind's eye, my
vision, I could see him kind of
to the left and in front of me.
And then he started
talking to me.
It was just so beautiful
and super magical.
And I mean, it's an experience
I will never, ever, ever forget.
And when Saint
Germain left, like,
you could really feel him,
his energy starting to depart,
because then it feels so
hot inside of my body.
And I finally opened my eyes.
And Paul said he was
taking pictures of me
during that time.
And of course, his camera
caught me in violet.
I was immersed in violet.
And here in my third eye, it was
golden, here in my third eye.
So it was truly a
magical experience.
And it really made me
feel super honored.
>> Well, originally when we saw
it on the website, we're like,
that's not real.
But then when you see it
happen before your very eyes,
it is real.
But it was very interesting.
I was watching.
We were all gathered
at the stream.
And then Paul walked
out to the meadow.
And then one of our
participants went out.
And I saw Paul
taking your picture.
But he was way far away.
She was standing by a tree.
And I looked over.
And I saw a violet column
that was coming out
with my naked eye.
I didn't have my
camera or anything.
And I didn't know what
he was doing at the time.
So I walk over.
And then you see
that same column.
And he captured it on film.
And I just thought--
But what was cool about that or
what was awe-inspiring really
about it was that
when he walked,
when Paul walked to the
meadow, he was calling in.
He was receiving in the
violet flame in Saint Germain.
And obviously, he
walks within him.
So but you could see
him asking for it
to bless the person that he
was taking the picture of.
So it was beautiful.
>> One way I like to describe
some of the special energy
sources that Paul gets in
some of his photos are,
if you ever experience
the northern lights,
which is up in Alaska, the far
North, where there's no light.
At one point there
it's always dark.
And the sun, the energy from the
sun, curves across basically,
the world atmosphere
of the world.
And it creates these
amazing flares of light.
Now you want to tell me
that that's not pure energy?
So I believe that they're
those little points,
and those little chirps
and spots of energy
are always around us.
>> It's a gift to
be here on Earth.
We all chose to be here.
We chose every
single experience.
But what I've shared
with Saint Germain for me
has brought me to know
who I am, Paul of Venus.
And this was the biggest
gift he's given to me.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
After all that happened,
there came a message.
And this message came
from Saint Germain.
And he wanted me to bring
people to Mount Shasta.
It's a lot of love
to reflect to others.
And you have to
be able sometimes
to be transparent, and
other times to amplify
the energy with your own field.
>> Paul had an idea.
And not even an
idea, more a message.
And knowing that
that was something
that he needs to create.
And he already brings
so many amazing people
from around the world
together to the mountain.
And they receive so
much light and healing.
And as you know, it's still
very much a small town here.
>> Well, I would say Mount
Shasta is special for several
reasons.
I believe that it
holds a frequency
of the potential of new Earth.
As I mentioned, when
you arrive, you really
do feel like you're in
a different dimension.
The awakening of the whole
planet that is happening.
It's like there's this
concentration that is here,
based on past, ancient past
that we don't necessarily
have historical record of.
>> I know that people who go to
see Paul or who are drawn to go
to the mountain,
there is a reason.
There is a reason for that.
There is something within
them that starts to awaken.
The connection to
the essence of who
you are, the connection to the
soul aspect of who you are,
the connection to love
and unity consciousness,
and the oneness, this is
what the mountain is doing.
It's calling people to come
back home to who they are.
>> When you're called here,
it is to simply aid you
in your own return
home within self.
And I believe each
of us on this planet
who are having this awareness,
and having this awakening,
each have a unique
gift or gifts, rather,
to contribute to the
becoming of new Earth,
and the becoming
of authentic self.
And the way I perceive
the energy here,
it is already in that becoming.
And so, again, it reflects back
that potential within ourselves
that helps to unlock the DNA.
It helps to unlock
the truest expression.
And in that, we are shedding the
layers of who we think we are,
the identities, the
masks, how we've
operated in this collective,
and the old paradigm
of the patriarchal, like
I'm separate from you.
When we come here,
we remember unity.
That is our truth.
We are connected.
We are one.
We're one with each other.
We're one with Earth.
And Mount Shasta is this space
that holds that awareness.
It holds the remembrance.
And that's what we are
bringing forth on this planet.
And that which is not of
that truth, of that love,
of that unity is
what we shed away.
And when we come here, she
helps us to shed those layers.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
>> People use the word magic
to describe Mount Shasta,
since there's a presence here.
Sometimes it's been
called the magic presence.
It's really just the
pure presence of God,
of the one eternal being.
And I think that presence
shines through here,
because here, there's
less separation.
There's less of
a veil separating
the eternal spiritual world, and
the temporary physical world.
So here the energy of
the eternal presence,
you could say the magic
presence, is amplified.
It's everywhere in the Earth.
But it's amplified here.
And it's more accessible here.
So I think that's why
people say it's magical,
since they come here, and they
feel this eternal presence,
which is magic.
It brings happiness, which
is magic just to feel happy,
just to be here.
>> Love is not just intimate.
It's caring.
It's exuding energy.
It's being a part of
the collective energy
of the universe.
And I believe that that's
what our journey is all about.
>> My advice is to go here.
To go within.
Connect to your heart.
Connect to your love.
And to be in that space
as much as you can,
because when you find
the love that you are,
you experience yourself
in such magical ways.
You really understand
the power of who you are.
And when you know that you
are the embodiment of love,
because it's in every cell
of your being is love,
then you can go out and
really express yourself,
express that love in whatever
it is that you decide to do,
whatever it is that you decide
to create on that planet.
Because that's who you are.
You are love.
>> Something you have to
do is you have to surrender
the world.
You have to leave
the world alone.
Let God happen.
You fix the war here,
within your heart.
You fix the jealousy
here, the judgments here,
within your heart.
We are changing the planet
and being the new Earth.
[MELLOW MUSIC]
[WATER GURGLING]
Find out who you are.
Surrender everything.
And you will know who you are.
You will know thyself.
And ultimately, this
is all you need to do.
>> Mount Shasta calls you.
She calls you home.
[MELLOW MUSIC]